"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"No medicine cures what happiness cannot" - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
"The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.” – Walt Disney
“People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.” – Rob Siltanen
"It's a beautiful day. Give yourself a treatment. Go out. Taste a cup of tea or a coffee. Enjoy the monent!" - Unknown
“Develop An ‘Attitude Of Gratitude’. Say Thank You To Everyone You Meet For Everything They Do For You.” – Brian Tracy
"You do not find the happy life, you make it" - Camilla E Kimball
"If it makes you happy, no one else opinion should matter" - LiveLifeHappy.com
"The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go" - Dodinsky
"Be happy with what you have, be excited for what you want" - Alan Cohen
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy. Its all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
"If you want to be happy, Be" - Leo Tolstoy
"Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy" - Ralp Marston
"Dont underectimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you cant hear, and not bothering" - Winnie the Pooh
"Be happy in the moment thats enough. Each moment is all we need, not more" - Mother Theresa
"A happy childhood is perhaps the most-fortunate gift in life" - Dorothy Richardson
"Being happy never goes out of style" - Lilly Pulitzer
"If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that" - Anonymous
"Folks are usually as happy as they make their mind to be" - Abraham Lincoln
"A happy life is one spent in learning, earning and yearning" - Lillian Gish
"The purpose of our life is to be happy" - Dalai Lama
