"Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!" - Dita Von Teese
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
“It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.” – Vince Lombardi 
“Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.” – Og Mandino
"One way to overcome sadness is to consume it" - Jonathan Safron Foer
"In the egoic state, your sense of self, your identity, is derived from your thinking mind - in other words, what your mind tells you about yourself: the storyline of you, the memories, the expectations, all the thoughts that go through your head continuously and the emotions that reflect those thoughts. All those things make up your sense of self." - Eckhart Tolle
"Wherever you are, be there totally. If you find your here and now intolerable and it makes you unhappy, you have three options: remove yourself from the situation, change it, or accept it totally. If you want to take responsibility for your life, you must choose one of those three options, and you must choose now. Then accept the consequences." - Eckhart Tolle
"Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit however, it lasts forever" - Lance Armstrong
"Heavy hearts like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relived by the letting of a little water" - Christopher Morley
"Breathing is hard. When you cry so much its make you realize that breathing is hard" - David Levithan
"For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these 'It might have been'" - John Greenleaf Whittier
"It will never rain roses. When we want ot have more roses, we must plant more trees" - George Eliot
"Perhaps our eyes needs to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see life with a clearer view again" -Alex Tan
"Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles" - Charlie Chaplin
"Only in the darkness can you see stars" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"You don't need water to feel like you're drowning" - Buddha
"One thing you can't hide is when you're rippled inside" - John Lennon
"Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence" - Unknown
"The good life is not one immune to sadness, but one in which suffering contribute to our development" - Alain De Botton
"Every human walks with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeve, but its there if you look deep" - Taraji P Henson
"You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting your self from happiness" - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Life is made of so many partings welded together" - Charles Dickens
"Narrow your life down to this moment. Your life situation may be full of problems - most life situations are - but find out if you have a problem at this moment. Do you have a problem now?" - Eckhart Tolle
"Its not how much we have, but how much we enjoy that makes happiness" - Charles Spurgeon
"Remember just because you hit bottom doesn't mean you have to stay there" - Robert Downey Jr.
"Feeling blue is fine.Letting it steal away your colors, its not" - Asha Dcunha
"If you're feeling blue, try painting yourself another color" - Hannah Chetam
"Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep" - Clive Barker
"What brings us to tears will lead us to grace. Our Pain is never wasted" - Bob Goff
"Things change and friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody" - Stephen Chbosky
"Dont give up because of one bad chapter, you story doesn't end here" - Anonymous
"Everybody has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were" - Leonardo DiCaprio