"Sometimes we find ourselves feeling unwanted or unloved. Remember you were born of love, you are love, it exists inside you, that's where it begins. When you know this you will have a happier life." - Angel Karan
"Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today." - Will Rogers
“The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.” – Hasidic Proverb
"Love is a state of Being. Your love is not outside; it is deep within you. You can never lose it, and it cannot leave you. It is not dependent on some other body, some external form." - Eckhart Tolle
"In the stillness of your presence, you can feel your own formless and timeless reality as the unmanifested life that animates your physical form. You can then feel the same life deep within every other human and every other creature. You look beyond the veil of form and separation. This is the realization of oneness. This is love." - Eckhart Tolle
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Eckhart Tolle
"You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Letting go doesnt mean giving up, but rather accepting that there are things that cannot be" -Unknown
"Sometimes you just have to throw a crown on and remind them who they are dealing with" - Anonymous
"Everyone that you fight is not your enemy and everyone who help you is not your friend" - Mike Tyson
"If you are ever feeling lonely, just look up at the moon. Someone somewhere is looking at it too." - amazingmemovement.com
"Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process care for ourselves" - Diana Princess of Wales
"How you love yourself is how you teach others to love you" - Rupi Kaur
"Whoever gives nothing, has nothing. The greatest misfortune is not to be unloved but not to love" - Albert Camus
"Love can sometimes be magic, but magic can sometimes be an illusion" - JAVAN
"Love is ironic. Only When you hurt someone, they realize they truly love you. We shall always fall in love with the people who break our hearts." - Anonymous
"Some people are going to leave, but thats not the end of your story. Thats the ned of their part in your story" - Faraaz Kazi
"Our greatest joys and our greatest pain come in our relationships with others" - Stephen R Covey
"Love me when I least deserve it, because that is when I really need it" - Swedish Proverb
"Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence" - Unknown
"Relationships are like glass, sometimes ite better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself by putting it back together" - Unknown
"Be strong and move on its time to be happy again" - Unknown
"Be the love you never Received" -Rune Cazuli
"The real difficulty is to overcome how you think about yourself" - Maya Angelou
"For to love loveless, is a bitter pill.But to be loved unloving, bitterer still" - Jan Struther
"On the darkest days when I feel inadequate unworthy and unloved, I remember whose daughter I am and I straighten my crown" - Anonymous
"Whenever you feel unloved, unimportant or insecure, remember to whom you belong" - Ephesians 2:19:22
"Your greatest responsibility is to love yourself and to know you are enough" - Anonymous
"If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. Its the hard that makes it great" - Tom Hanks
"In Life you have a choice, Bitter or Better. Choose Better, Forget Bitter" - Nick Vujicic